I want to create a streamlit + plotly dashboard to help me with pokemon champions. 
this project can later develop into a deep learning project to create more personalized predictors. 
However the first part of the project will focus on creating a dashboard that describes the current 
state of the vgc. This is a learning project: unless I specify it, 
never give me direct coding answers, just help me with the skeleton of the code

note that this project starts with pokemon champions, but if there are no available sites with data form
the game, just pivot to pokemon showdown (obviously notice me, and do it only if there are no available api sources for champions)

You have to do the following:
-1 cleanup the project folder form old files and dataset. 
only keep the git repo and the venv, but uninstall all the packages that are useless and install the ones that are missing

-2 act as a planner and write a claude.md file to instruct yourself in the future with this project.
the goal is to achieve a streamlit dashboard that shows pokemon usage, win percantage, likely teams, 
matchup results stats and movesheets for selected pokemons

-3 Do not realize the project, instead write an instructions.md file to teach me how to achieve it. 
The instructions must divide the project in steps to achieve the goal and each step must be written 
so that first is shown the task and generic instructions on how to solve similar tasks.

for example let's say I want to learn to do an API call to gather the data for the research. 
the instructions you should give me would be likely

"first go on sites that contain available data for pokemon champions (i.e. ABC, DEF...) and look for 
an API keys. To use api keys you must insert them into a json file in the correct folder and then call them
in the python script you're using"

then you can give me hints that MUST BE CLICKED TO BE ACCESSED 
"this site's API key can be found in this specific position, and you can create a dataframe using this function"

and finally also write your solution to the task.



the topics I want to tackle are
-fetching data using api
-creating a streamlit dashboard
-extracting useful info from the pokemon data
-visualize them wonderfully in an interactive dashboard